_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Changed the name and added few details

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pi.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>304- Mithun Sai Paradise</p>
    <p>Bhoganahalli</p>
    <p>Bengaluru, Karnataka 560103</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a Software Developer often engaged in open source projects or in free time working for a company. I did my masters in IISC Bangalore, my advisor was Prof. Ambedkar Dukkipati. My masters thesis was on infusing structured knowledge into the deep learning models.

<!-- Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder. -->

My interest lies in knowing the ins and outs of the machine learning like how using only mathematical tools one can simulate what is going in human brain. In my free time i play ukulele, which i learned recently and got fascinated by its sound and its simplicity. I also am very fond of riding bike and going to very off-beat places and exploring them.

Before doing masters, i did bachelors from IIIT Bhubaneswar, in computer science. Later i appeared for GATE exam and got AIR-29.

<!-- Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically. -->

<!-- Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them. -->
